Azzam... how are you doing?
Whether what you do is magic or Sleight of hand...
It will not make a difference
The problem is that people do as many things as you do 20 times
And they enjoy us more than this
Like David Cooperfield.
So the question ....
Why are you doing this?
If this was magic..... You are a Muslim,
and even if you are a Christian, Christianity also forbids this.
If you are a Muslim or a Christian, they forbid magic in general.
But if you have a superpower that You called it a sleight hand.
So we have a problem....
By being an Arabian Muslim
Our children interact with you more than the foreign magicians
and they say we want to do this or like this
But, if you want the general benefit of your country and the Arab nation
and you can get potatoes from the casserole and pizza from the fire and sugar from the money ....
Believe me ...
We have a problem
and we have many problems in our country, You can work on it and be famous and useful more than that
But the question that we will talk about and talking about it already, It's the evidence.
Firstly  ... I'm accusing you of theft.
That you can know Visas personal confidential number of the people and you can also withdraw their balances
So you're either a thief or a magician.
And this is important, it's important to respond to it
The second question is, are you a prophet? Or God?
Or the hodoo man (warlock) of the era?
In parentheses means "Antichrist"
You will ask me why..... I'm going to answer you.....
You're predicting, of course.
That you made a video that preceded the events of the episode that will happen with Dr. Amr Alithi
I think that people have the right to know this is why and how....
I recorded this things yesterday
Before I came to you the studio today
Because I predicted, and I know you're going to pick these things.
Page number, Calculation, and these numbers
And the potato dish you've cooked now
And by the way (very tasty)
The third question is the most important one.....
You're a misguided man of minds.
And you pretends  the ability
the ability to do the things you want....  You make the other one execute it in the language of mind control
Or control the minds of others ... And that was from your tongue.
That you make people say what you want and want what you will say
So you took from the names of God named (Almighty)...
And you claimed the divinity by controlling people's minds.
The question ... Why is this   Why are you doing this?
Uncle Azzam.... If you are a man like people say in Egyptian movies
in the name of solutions' solver
(An Egyptian sentence called for the dervishes who pay harm to people)
and you can do everything , controls the people and them minds and predicts and knows the unseen
And very good in the language of numbers and you can open any phone's password
and you know how to get food and potatoes and pizza ….etc)
So By the way our problems are too much
Instead of showboating that you give charity to people...  you getting defaming to people to being honest with charity.
I would like to tell you that you getting famous by defaming people... And shows that you're a good man (good actor) and talk like that.
How are you ?
Thank God
What are you going to eat me today, Or what will you do?
I don't know yet.
So, tell me… What do you like to eat?
Anything
any kind of food you have ever seen or you want to break it or you want to try it just tell me
I see it in the shops
What do you want to eat ?
Something in the shape of a rotation like this
What's it name?
Pizza
Pizza??
So look, I will take this tissue and I'm going to burn it
So is it possible to turn it to Pizza ?
Look, we will take this cover and we will put it on the tissue
What do you want to eat ?
Pizza
What is that ?
With the Ketchup and all things
Will you eat or what?
After (Maghrib time Prayer) not now
No, of course after the fasting time
Ramadan Kareem
looks like moon
Is there anything? no
Ok, look, what do you wish?
Chocolate
And you ?
Both of you want Chocolate, so open your hands like this
Let's 1, 2, 3  ….
Here you are
Divide it among you
You gave her a lot …
Divide it with her
She take a lot of chocolate
Do you want a lot of chocolates ?
YEAH
Do you have anything inside your bag?
So let's see
enough , enough
It is a priority to establish an institution to feed food and solve people's problems,
and put all your powers which you called any name … to benefit the people
But the question still exists...... Why are you doing this?
In both cases ... I'd rather you answer.
You are doing this for what?
By the way.
... Our kids are asking... How does that happen? And I want to be like him.
Some of them want to fly and some of them want to predict and some of them want to get food in casserole
because they were very happy from the dazzle of Dr. Amr elithy
We need answers to these questions... At least we can respond to our kids.
Or we are required to take everything like  (a rectal suppository). Just stuffing (for filling only) ,and no mental response.
So we need an answer, please
So the penultimate question is …
as you predicted in Dr. Amr's episode, did you also predict that I would make this video?
And asking you these questions ???
I think not.
We need answers to every question
And waiting for a reply from you in a video,
so that the next one will be harder
And our children need replies and our minds need replies and I think that the whole society needs a response (old before the baby)
And I will have the right to reply in a way that suits our children and our minds
My last words.... This is advice.
You should have respected the clerics in the replies
To be full of morals
There is a Point
Maybe it's sparked public opinion
And our youth particularly
In the period last week
So, we had to show our young people the truth about what happened to don't get lost
What happened is that Mr. Amr Al-Laithi, and he is a dear and respectable friend
He hosted one of the guys on his show.
And he made an episode with this guy and made some things
that impressed the audience in the show program and impressed the audience generally
And he interpreted it as a slight of hand.
Like we saw.
Cooking potatoes
He put money in the apple, into the orange,
and arithmetic stuff happened in the show
I think most of you
See the topic on social media
And on the Internet.
The important thing about the topic is that the employees of the program were impressed and the viewers were impressed
and we found explanations from here and there.
for what happened.
And some might have been fascinated by this guy.
This guy looked weird.
he's an extraordinary person and a very important person and so on
But strangely, some people
Unfortunately, by his tongue …
They started sending him messages.
Some of them want to steal money from the bank.
And give him half of it.
And some of them want to turn the Egyptian pounds into dollars.
And some of them want to solve a problem between someone somewhere.
Strange stories and dubious stories
I'll say it in a little while.
But I want to tell you my explanation of what happened.
From my point of view and personal opinion
This thing is not going to get out of the magic circle.
In any case, it's absolutely impossible.
This subject has no knowledge and no lightness of hands.
Because it's impossible with the lightness of the hand to get the money into the apple.
No way, I guess.
And it's impossible with the lightness of the hand, get hot potatoes and people eat them.
Impossible
There's no lightness of hand doing this
The sleight of hand is to steal a piece of paper or put a piece of paper in it
He's evasive of you looking somewhere and doing something else
These things we've been watching in the past.
With the people you call in past time (Hawi) charlatans, or something like that names
But what happened doesn't have any kind of sleight of hand at all
The subject from my point of view is nothing more than magic.
I'm surprised there's the same match and the same words.
If Islam forbids magic and sorcery
In the same thought and equally Christianity also forbids magic and sorcery
look, The Bible from the beginning to the end attacks magic and attacks sorcery.
And he demands all believers not to use magic.
Or not to go to the witches.
It is any human being who uses magic
or goes to witches and uses the things they use,
leaves his faith, leaves God, throws his passion and needs witches and charlatans.
His fate will be the fire-burning lake, which is the second death.
This guy's doomed, for surly
And it is also the honor of morality (standing on positions) and the convincing and believable response (and respect for people's minds)
I will wait for the answer....
Otherwise it will be my right to respond in a way that suits our society and our children and our minds
bye-bye